
Q1.
I was asked to implement a circuit breaker with below requirements in HackerRank Pair Programming Round.

1.In a network of multiple services, for any service-service communication via APIs,
Circuit Breaker should open the circuit and API should failfast if the API error count for last X minutes >= Y.
2.The circuit breaker should be closed and the service should start receiving requests after a cool off period of Z minutes.
3.How can we make this implementation thread-safe ?

A API is there which usually get's overburdened by req, so we want to control this behaviour,
if in last 1 min the server throws error for more than 4 times then just don't send the req to server
rather just throw error along with a message.

I did it using map, so interview asked the following follow ups :

Since the response of req received 1 min ago doesn't matter to us, so can we optimize the code?
-> Ans was by using queue, you can just maintain response of req of just last 1 min.

Let's say we face error from client side eg wrong auth token, then should be break those req?
-> Ans was no, rather do circuit breaking only when response code received from server >= 500.

Let's say, if after circuit breaker, we wanted to cool off the server for few seconds (it'll be given to you),
then how will you add a cool off time?
Let's say, if this code is in a multi threaded environment then how will you handle this and How will you make this thread safe?
-> Ans is by using locks, immutable objects or Atomic instances.

What other changes will you do before pushing this code to production?


Prompt:
Write a simple OOPs java code to implement following requirement:
implement a circuit breaker with below requirements
1.In a network of multiple services, for any service-service communication via APIs,
Circuit Breaker should open the circuit and API should failfast if the API error count for last X minutes >= Y.
2.The circuit breaker should be closed and the service should start receiving requests after a cool off period of Z minutes.

Note: Don't use multi-threading, write comments for better understanding.


Q2.
NxN tic tac toe with wincount given,
if number of consecutive Os or Xs in a line equals "wincount" then the player wins.
Write the win condition logic.

Prompt:
Write a simple OOPs Java code to implement NxN tic tac toa with wincount given,
if number of consecutive Os or Xs in a line equals "wincount" then the player wins.Write the win condition logic.
Note: Don't use multi-threading, write comments for better understanding.






